README.md, before:

# ThirtyDaysofReactNative

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)

- Standard compliant React Native App Utilizing [Ignite](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite)

## :arrow_up: How to Setup

**Step 1:** git clone this repo:

**Step 2:** cd to the cloned repo:

**Step 3:** Install the Application with `yarn` or `npm i`

## :arrow_forward: How to Run App

1. cd to the repo
2. Run Build for either OS

- for iOS
  - run `react-native run-ios`
- for Android
  - Run Genymotion
  - run `react-native run-android`

## :no_entry_sign: Standard Compliant

[![js-standard-style](https://cdn.rawgit.com/feross/standard/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/feross/standard)
This project adheres to Standard. Our CI enforces this, so we suggest you enable linting to keep your project compliant during development.

**To Lint on Commit**

This is implemented using [husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky). There is no additional setup needed.

**Bypass Lint**

If you have to bypass lint for a special commit that you will come back and clean (pushing something to a branch etc.) then you can bypass git hooks with adding `--no-verify` to your commit command.

**Understanding Linting Errors**

The linting rules are from JS Standard and React-Standard. [Regular JS errors can be found with descriptions here](http://eslint.org/docs/rules/), while [React errors and descriptions can be found here](https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react).

## :closed_lock_with_key: Secrets

This project uses [react-native-config](https://github.com/luggit/react-native-config) to expose config variables to your javascript code in React Native. You can store API keys
and other sensitive information in a `.env` file:

```
API_URL=https://myapi.com
GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY=abcdefgh
```

and access them from React Native like so:

```
import Secrets from 'react-native-config'

Secrets.API_URL  // 'https://myapi.com'
Secrets.GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY  // 'abcdefgh'
```

The `.env` file is ignored by git keeping those secrets out of your repo.

### Get started:

1. Copy .env.example to .env
2. Add your config variables
3. Follow instructions at [https://github.com/luggit/react-native-config#setup](https://github.com/luggit/react-native-config#setup)
4. Done!

## Day One

Storybook integration with Reactotron

## Day Two

Camera panel

Commit message:

Docs: added instruction about running storybook

README.md, after:

# ThirtyDaysofReactNative

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)

- Standard compliant React Native App Utilizing [Ignite](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite)

## :arrow_up: How to Setup

**Step 1:** git clone this repo:

**Step 2:** cd to the cloned repo:

**Step 3:** Install the Application with `yarn` or `npm i`

## :arrow_forward: How to Run App

1. cd to the repo
2. Run Build for either OS

- for iOS
  - run `react-native run-ios`
- for Android
  - Run Genymotion
  - run `react-native run-android`

## :no_entry_sign: Standard Compliant

[![js-standard-style](https://cdn.rawgit.com/feross/standard/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/feross/standard)
This project adheres to Standard. Our CI enforces this, so we suggest you enable linting to keep your project compliant during development.

**To Lint on Commit**

This is implemented using [husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky). There is no additional setup needed.

**Bypass Lint**

If you have to bypass lint for a special commit that you will come back and clean (pushing something to a branch etc.) then you can bypass git hooks with adding `--no-verify` to your commit command.

**Understanding Linting Errors**

The linting rules are from JS Standard and React-Standard. [Regular JS errors can be found with descriptions here](http://eslint.org/docs/rules/), while [React errors and descriptions can be found here](https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react).

## :closed_lock_with_key: Secrets

This project uses [react-native-config](https://github.com/luggit/react-native-config) to expose config variables to your javascript code in React Native. You can store API keys
and other sensitive information in a `.env` file:

```
API_URL=https://myapi.com
GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY=abcdefgh
```

and access them from React Native like so:

```
import Secrets from 'react-native-config'

Secrets.API_URL  // 'https://myapi.com'
Secrets.GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY  // 'abcdefgh'
```

The `.env` file is ignored by git keeping those secrets out of your repo.

### Get started:

1. Copy .env.example to .env
2. Add your config variables
3. Follow instructions at [https://github.com/luggit/react-native-config#setup](https://github.com/luggit/react-native-config#setup)
4. Done!

## Day One

Storybook integration with Reactotron

To run storybook do the following
`$ npm run storybook`
`$ react-native run-ios`

In Reactotron toggle the Storybook switch to on

## Day Two

Camera panel
